But I don't do this because it's easy. I
do this because it's essential. This is
as simple as that. It's as simple as
that. If you if you don't want your
country to collapse into poverty, you
have to deal with this. We've got the
people. We've got the experts. Get them
in a room together. Pay them what they
need and get that tax policy sorted and
and give it the time it needs. And I
would like to see, you know, this is not
a UK specific problem. I want to see
politicians and economists and civil
servants in Germany, in Italy, in Spain,
in France, in Japan, in Australia. I
would say America, but we're not likely
to get them. Oh, and Canada because they
always complain that I don't mention
them. And New Zealand to get a lot of
those. Listen, what I'm looking for is
like ruthless practicality and
pragmatism. How do we effectively get
wealth back from the very rich or at the
very least stop them from taking more of
our wealth?